Is morality objective or subjective?
Can free will exist in a deterministic universe?
Is it better to pursue happiness or meaning?
Is knowledge possible without language?
Does consciousness imply the soul exists?
Should suffering be eradicated if possible, even at the cost of personal identity?
Are humans fundamentally good or evil?
Can art exist without intent?
Is ignorance bliss?
Is it ethical to create artificial consciousness?
Should voting be mandatory?
Is freedom of speech absolute?
Should nations prioritize citizens over immigrants?
Is democracy the best form of government?
Should there be term limits for all elected officials?
Is taxation theft?
Should private companies be allowed to censor speech?
Is nationalism a force for good or evil?
Should the government regulate social media?
Should countries abolish borders?
Is euthanasia morally acceptable?
Should animal testing be banned completely?
Is it ethical to genetically modify humans?
Do individuals have a moral duty to be environmentally conscious?
Is it ever justifiable to break the law?
Should organ donation be mandatory upon death?
Is revenge ever morally justified?
Is it ethical to use artificial intelligence in warfare?
Should parents have the right to genetically design their children?
Should education be free for everyone?
Should prisons focus on rehabilitation over punishment?
Is a universal basic income a good idea?
Should healthcare be considered a basic human right?
Should college be free for all students?
Should there be a maximum wage?
Are billionaires immoral?
Should the voting age be lowered to 16?
Should homeschooling be illegal?
Should public transport be free?
Should military conscription be reinstated?
Should welfare recipients be drug tested?
Should corporations have the same rights as individuals?
Should zoos be banned?
Should the death penalty be abolished worldwide?
Should violent video games be banned?
Is censorship ever justified?
Should artificial intelligence have rights?
Should cloning humans be legal?
Are humans obligated to colonize other planets?
Should space exploration be prioritized over solving problems on Earth?
Should sports teams be penalized for political statements?
Should college athletes be paid?
Is patriotism more harmful than beneficial?
Is celebrity culture harmful to society?
Is cancel culture a legitimate form of accountability?
Is privacy more important than security?
Are cryptocurrencies the future of money?
Should social media platforms be held liable for misinformation?
Should we prioritize economic growth over environmental protection?
Is monogamy outdated?
Should parents be allowed to spy on their children?
Should school uniforms be mandatory?
Is standardized testing an effective measure of intelligence?
Should history classes focus more on national achievements or national failures?
Should public figures be held to higher moral standards?
Is remote work better for society?
Should companies implement a four-day workweek?
Should art be publicly funded?
Is graffiti art or vandalism?
Should libraries be replaced with digital archives?
Is technology making us smarter or lazier?
Should time travel (if possible) be banned?
Is immortality desirable?
Would a world without religion be better or worse?
Can money buy happiness?
Are humans naturally violent?
Should zoos be abolished?
Should books ever be banned?
Is the customer always right?
Is true altruism possible?
Should school curriculums include emotional education?
Is social media more harmful than helpful?
Should influencers be regulated?
Are reality TV shows harmful to viewers?
Is beauty subjective or objective?
Is intelligence primarily genetic or environmental?
Are people more selfish or altruistic by nature?
Should professional sports be gender-neutral?
Is war ever truly necessary?
Is poverty inevitable?
Should art be separated from the artist?
Is fame worth the cost?
Are surveillance cameras in public places an invasion of privacy?
Is luck more important than skill?
Should everyone learn a second language?
Is climate change reversible?
Should hunting be banned?
Is it ethical to eat meat?
Are humans obligated to help endangered species?
Is true equality possible?
Should voting be done online?
Should graffiti be legalized?
Should religion be taught in public schools?
Are we living in a simulation?
Should teachers be paid more than athletes?
Is traditional schooling obsolete?
Should homework be banned?
Is marriage an outdated institution?
Are arranged marriages better than love marriages?
Should death be celebrated rather than mourned?
Are fairy tales harmful to children?
Should corporal punishment be banned worldwide?
Is emotional cheating worse than physical cheating?
Should child actors be banned?
Is cloning animals ethical?
Should minors be tried as adults in serious crimes?
Is torture ever justifiable?
Should graffiti artists be celebrated?
Should human cloning be allowed?
Are open relationships healthy?
Should AI-generated art be considered real art?
Should zoos focus only on conservation, not entertainment?
Are online friendships as valuable as real-life friendships?
Should people be allowed to sell their organs?
Should universal healthcare be a global priority?
Should voting be allowed for convicted felons?
Should beauty pageants be banned?
Are curfews for teenagers effective?
Should age matter in relationships?
Is tradition an obstacle to progress?
Should homeschooling be encouraged?
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in sports?
Is childhood today better or worse than in previous generations?
Should children have unrestricted internet access?
Is the "American Dream" still attainable?
Are grades an accurate representation of intelligence?
Is online learning as effective as traditional learning?
Should junk food be taxed heavily?
Is corporal punishment in schools ever justified?
Should everyone serve one year in public service?
Should internet access be considered a basic human right?
Is capitalism sustainable in the long term?
Should school days start later?
Are humans naturally monogamous?
Should graffiti be seen as a legitimate form of public dialogue?
Is empathy more important than logic?
Should cloning extinct species be pursued?
Is space colonization ethical?
Should there be limits on freedom of speech?
Is social media responsible for the rise of mental health issues?
Is beauty a social construct?
Should euthanasia be legalized globally?
Should cyberbullying be punished the same as physical bullying?
Is it better to live in a city or the countryside?
Is the world becoming a better place?
Is nationalism inherently dangerous?
Are aliens likely to exist?
Is it better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all?
Should influencers be required to disclose editing and filters?
Should wealth inheritance be heavily taxed?
Is ignorance or arrogance a bigger threat to humanity?
Should social credit systems (like in China) be banned?
Are professional gamers athletes?
Should music lyrics be censored?
Is lying ever morally acceptable?
Should history be rewritten to reflect modern values?
Should old literature be updated for modern audiences?
Is revenge satisfying or destructive?
Should homeschooling replace traditional schooling for most children?
Are revolutions necessary for societal progress?
Should books with controversial themes be removed from school curriculums?
Is virtue more important than success?
Should emotional intelligence be tested for leadership positions?
Are humans more driven by fear or ambition?
Should knowledge be free to everyone?
Should museums return artifacts to their countries of origin?
Is love a choice or a feeling?
Is morality possible without religion?
Should cryptocurrencies replace traditional currencies?
Is it ethical to create designer babies?
Is globalization good for humanity?
Is individuality more important than conformity?
Should AI be involved in government decision-making?
Is democracy inherently flawed?
Should whistleblowers be protected at all costs?
Are reparations for historical injustices justified?
Should private schools be banned?
Is universal income a solution to poverty?
Is owning pets ethical?
Should space be privatized?
Is minimalism a better way of life?
Should parents be held legally responsible for their children's actions?
Is intelligence fixed or flexible?
Should animals have the same legal rights as humans?
Is perfection attainable?
Is competition beneficial or harmful to personal development?
Should extreme sports be banned?
Is economic inequality inevitable?
Are utopias possible?
Should education be prioritized over military spending?
Is ambition a virtue or a vice?
Are secrets necessary for healthy relationships?
Is hope irrational?
Should public spaces be surveillance-free?
Should voting be compulsory?
Is "happiness" the ultimate goal of life?

SERIOUS / DEEP PROMPTS:
Should artificial intelligence be given personhood rights?
Is free speech more important than public safety?
Should political lobbying be banned?
Is capitalism incompatible with environmental sustainability?
Should parental rights be limited for the sake of the child’s autonomy?
Are international borders ethical?
Should prisoners be allowed to vote?
Is war ever justified in the modern era?
Is true democracy possible in large populations?
Should violent offenders ever be released back into society?
Is emotional intelligence undervalued in leadership?
Should corporal punishment of children be considered abuse?
Is crime more a product of nature or nurture?
Should assisted suicide be legalized globally?
Is civil disobedience morally required in unjust societies?
Should hate speech be protected under free speech?
Is a two-party system fundamentally broken?
Are reparations for colonialism justified?
Is charity ultimately harmful if it props up systemic failures?
Should military intervention be used to stop genocides?
Is human nature inherently selfish?
Are whistleblowers heroes or traitors?
Should people have to pass a test to vote?
Should lying to protect someone's feelings be considered ethical?
Should we eliminate prisons and replace them with rehabilitation centers?
Should pineapple be allowed on pizza?
Would you rather have a pet dragon or a pet unicorn?
Is cereal a soup?
Should memes be considered an art form?
Is Die Hard a Christmas movie?
Is it better to fight one horse-sized duck or one hundred duck-sized horses?
Are hot dogs sandwiches?
Should clowns be banned from children's parties?
Is it morally acceptable to cheat at Monopoly?
Should superheroes be government regulated?
Is a day without coffee a day wasted?
Should socks and sandals be socially acceptable?
Is it better to be a pirate or a ninja?
Would teleportation make life too boring?
Are cats or dogs superior companions?
Should aliens be allowed to enter Earth’s Got Talent?
Is a burrito just a Mexican sandwich?
Is a thumb a finger?
Should people be fined for singing badly in public?
Would you rather live in a world where everything is made of Lego or everything is made of Jell-O?
Should humans merge with AI to evolve?
Should the development of sentient robots be banned?
Will AI eventually replace all human jobs?
Should cloning extinct animals (like mammoths) be allowed?
Is virtual reality a dangerous escape from real life?
Should governments regulate algorithms?
Is space colonization humanity’s moral duty?
Will cryptocurrency replace traditional banking?
Should robots be allowed to vote once sentient?
Should genetic enhancements be banned in sports?
Is nuclear energy the solution to climate change?
Should there be limits on technological advancement?
Should humans attempt to contact extraterrestrial life?
Is space tourism unethical in the face of global poverty?
Are self-driving cars a moral hazard?
Should AI art be categorized separately from human-created art?
Will automation inevitably lead to universal basic income?
Should "designer babies" be legal?
Is geoengineering (climate engineering) a necessary evil?
Would you steal to save a loved one's life?
Is it ethical to kill one person to save five?
Should parents be allowed to choose their child’s genetic traits?
If a person commits a crime while sleepwalking, are they responsible?
Is it better to lie to avoid hurting someone's feelings?
Should you report your best friend if they committed a minor crime?
Is it ethical to use animals in scientific research if it saves human lives?
Should severely disabled infants be allowed euthanasia if their suffering is extreme?
Is revenge ever morally justifiable?
Should soldiers disobey orders they believe are immoral?
Is it wrong to benefit from a system you believe is unjust?
Should doctors be allowed to refuse treatment for moral reasons?
If technology could erase traumatic memories, should it be used?
Is using virtual reality to fulfill violent fantasies unethical?
Should you save a stranger over a pet you love?
Is euthanizing stray animals more ethical than letting them starve?
Should a terminally ill person be allowed to end their own life with help?
Is it ethical to clone yourself for organ harvesting?
Should governments use surveillance if it prevents crime?
Is love at first sight real?
Is it better to have a few close friends or many acquaintances?
Should couples live together before marriage?
Is a strong work ethic more important than natural talent?
Should ambition be prioritized over contentment?
Is it better to be respected or liked?
Should people follow their passion even if it’s impractical?
Is lying ever acceptable in a relationship?
Should long-distance relationships be avoided?
Is marriage necessary for a fulfilling life?
Should people settle for "good enough" relationships?
Are soulmates real?
Is self-improvement a selfish pursuit?
Is honesty always the best policy?
Is it more important to be rich or happy?
Should individuals prioritize family over career?
Can trust once broken ever be fully repaired?
Is forgiveness overrated?
Are breakups harder for men or women?
Is jealousy a sign of love or insecurity?
Is it ever ethical to lie?
Should mercy override justice?
Is it moral to kill one to save many?
Should people be punished for crimes committed in ignorance?
Is capital punishment ever morally justified?
Should wealth inheritance be heavily restricted for the sake of fairness?
Is it ethical to eat meat if you could survive without it?
Should parents be allowed to genetically design their children?
Is assisted suicide morally acceptable?
Is it ever ethical to break the law?
Should access to healthcare be a basic human right?
Is it morally wrong to be extremely wealthy while others starve?
Should voting be a legal requirement?
Is privacy more important than national security?
Should we always prioritize human life over animal life?
Is it ethical to use animals for medical testing?
Should parents have complete authority over their children’s medical decisions?
Is it ever justifiable to censor art?
Is it moral to prioritize your family over strangers in need?
Should the rich be morally obligated to give to the poor?
Is stealing from the rich to give to the poor morally acceptable?
Should prisoners retain the right to vote?
Is it ethical to modify the human genome?
Should there be moral limits on free speech?
Is it ethical to have children in an overpopulated world?
Is it morally acceptable to use surveillance to prevent crime?
Should companies be held morally responsible for the actions of their employees?
Is forgiveness a moral obligation?
Is it unethical to enjoy luxuries when others lack basic needs?
Should war crimes be punishable even decades later?
Is it ever ethical to keep secrets from loved ones?
Should we prioritize rehabilitation over punishment in the justice system?
Is patriotism morally neutral, positive, or negative?
Should civil disobedience be encouraged when laws are unjust?
Is euthanizing severely suffering animals always the right choice?
Should organ donation be opt-out rather than opt-in?
Is it ethical to create autonomous killer robots for warfare?
Should billionaires exist in a moral society?
Is revenge ever morally justifiable?
Should you always report wrongdoing even if it harms someone you care about?
Is it ethical to create sentient AI?
Should adoption agencies be allowed to discriminate based on moral values?
Is cultural appropriation always unethical?
Should people be morally judged for the carbon footprint of their lifestyles?
Is it ethical to refuse service based on personal beliefs?
Is universal basic income a moral necessity in an automated economy?
Should historical figures be judged by modern moral standards?
Is loyalty to a friend more important than loyalty to the truth?
Is self-sacrifice the highest moral good?
Should laws be based more on ethical principles or practical consequences?
Is it moral to manipulate others for their own good?
Is wealth redistribution morally justified?
Should voting rights depend on political knowledge?
Is owning pets ethical?
Is ignorance a moral excuse?
Is it ethical to bring back extinct species?
Should healthcare workers be compelled to work during a pandemic?
Is it ethical to deny treatment to terminal patients who want to try experimental drugs?
Should parents be able to disinherit children?
Is it immoral to be willfully ignorant?
Is it ethical to prank people without their consent?
Should dangerous ideas be banned from public discourse?
Is monogamy a moral expectation?
Is it moral to intervene in other countries for humanitarian reasons?
Is torture ever morally permissible?
Should access to education be a universal human right?
Is it immoral to prioritize your own nation over global well-being?
Should prisoners be allowed access to luxury goods?
Is the death penalty inherently immoral?
Is it moral to automate jobs even if it creates unemployment?
Should cosmetic surgery for non-medical reasons be considered unethical?
Is it morally wrong to use emotional manipulation in personal relationships?
Should non-human animals be granted legal personhood?
Is using violence to resist tyranny morally justified?
Is ignorance about global issues a moral failing?
Should you be morally obligated to return lost money if you find it?
Is it ethical to have a heavily militarized police force?
Should people be forced to undergo civic education before being allowed to vote?
Is survival more important than morality in extreme situations?
Is buying fast fashion a moral wrongdoing?
Is it unethical to support businesses that exploit workers?
Is it moral to save your pet over a human stranger?
Should beauty standards be considered a moral issue?
Is it ethical to digitally resurrect deceased actors in films?
Should parents force their beliefs onto their children?
Is it morally acceptable to pirate digital content?
Should reparations be given to descendants of enslaved people?
Is gentrification a moral wrong?
Is it ethical to use brain-altering technology to prevent crime?
Should the state enforce moral behavior through laws?
Is it ethical to have children knowing climate change threatens their future?
Is it immoral to live extravagantly while others suffer extreme poverty?
Should public shaming be used to enforce social norms?
Is it wrong to manipulate public emotions in political campaigns?
Should we value future generations more than our own?
Is silence in the face of injustice a moral failing?
Should the right to free speech include the right to spread false information?
Is it ethical to punish children for the sins of their parents?
Should euthanasia be extended to those with chronic but non-terminal illnesses?
Is it ethical to genetically modify crops to end world hunger?
Is it morally wrong to refuse vaccines?
Should historical monuments honoring immoral actions be torn down?
Is it ethical to profit from war?
Should parents be able to monitor all of their children's online activity?
Is it ethical to clone yourself purely for companionship?
Should future generations have legal rights today?
Is cyberbullying as morally serious as physical bullying?
Is it moral to prioritize national interests over humanitarian aid?
Should fame carry moral responsibilities?